feat(modules/cloud-logs): introduce cloud logs module for s3 onboarding (#16)
sysdiglabs/terraform-aws-secure: modules/integrations/cloud-logs/README.md

| [sysdig_secure_trusted_cloud_identity.trusted_identity](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/sysdiglabs/sysdig/latest/docs/data-sources/secure_trusted_cloud_identity) | data source |
| [sysdig_secure_tenant_external_id.external_id](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/sysdiglabs/sysdig/latest/docs/data-sources/secure_tenant_external_id) | data source |
| [sysdig_secure_cloud_auth_account_component.aws_cloud_logs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/sysdiglabs/sysdig/latest/docs/resources/secure_cloud_auth_account_component) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name                                                               | Description                                                                                                                                    | Type | Default                                                     | Required |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------|-------------------------------------------------------------|:--------:|

> | <a name="input_sysdig_secure_account_id"></a> [sysdig\_secure\_account\_id](#input\_sysdig\_secure\_account\_id) | (Required) ID of the Sysdig Cloud Account to enable Event Bridge integration for (incase of organization, ID of the Sysdig management account) | `string` | n/a | yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a name="input_sysdig_secure_account_id"></a> [sysdig\_secure\_account\_id](#input\_sysdig\_secure\_account\_id) | (Required) ID of the Sysdig Cloud Account to enable Cloud Logs integration for (incase of organization, ID of the Sysdig management account) | `string` | n/a | yes |
```

| <a name="input_folder_arn"></a> [folder\_arn](#input\_folder\_arn) | (Required) The ARN of your CloudTrail Bucket Folder                                                                                            | `string` | n/a                                                         |   yes    |

> | <a name="input_bucket_arn"></a> [bucket\_arn](#input\_bucket\_arn) | (Required) The ARN of your s3 bucket associated with your Cloudtrail trail                                                                     | `string` | n/a                                                         |   yes    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a name="input_bucket_arn"></a> [bucket\_arn](#input\_bucket\_arn) | (Required) The ARN of your S3 bucket associated with your CloudTrail Trail                                                                     | `string` | n/a                                                         |   yes    |
```

> | <a name="input_bucket_arn"></a> [bucket\_arn](#input\_bucket\_arn) | (Required) The ARN of your s3 bucket associated with your Cloudtrail trail                                                                     | `string` | n/a                                                         |   yes    |

Reviewer: Should we ditch this as we move to modular, in favor of the folder arn? The bucket arn can be derived from that...
